docs: sveltekit env warning (#34980)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/auth/server-side/sveltekit.mdx

<ProjectConfigVariables variable="url" />
<ProjectConfigVariables variable="anonKey" />

> <Admonition type="warning">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="caution">
```

> `PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` and `PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` are intentionally exposed to the client. These values are safe to expose as long as your [enable and create Row Level Security policies](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-sveltekit?queryGroups=database-method&database-method=sql#set-up-the-database-schema).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` and `PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` are intentionally exposed to the client. These values are safe to expose as long as you [enable and create Row Level Security policies](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-sveltekit#set-up-the-database-schema).
```
